Docs: Create docs for  gateway route configurator (#193)
canonical/gateway-api-integrator-operator: docs/tutorial/using-gateway-route.md

4- Deploy a ingress requirer charm and provide gateway

## Prerequisites
* A Kubernetes cluster with a gateway controller installed.
* A host machine with Juju version 3.3 or above.

## Deploy and configure the gateway-api-integrator charm
1. Deploy and configure the charm
```
juju deploy gateway-api-integrator
juju config gateway-api-integrator gateway-class=cilium
```

## Establish an integration with a TLS provider charm
1. Deploy a TLS provider
```
juju deploy self-signed-certificates
```
2. Integrate the gateway-api-integrator charm with the TLS provider 
```
juju integrate gateway-api-integrator self-signed-certificates
```

## Deploy and configure the gateway-route-configurator charm
1. Deploy and configure the charm
```
juju deploy gateway-route-configurator
juju config gateway-route-configurator hostname=testing.com paths=/app1,/app2
```
2. Integrate with the gateway-api-integrator charm
```
juju integrate gateway-api-integrator:gateway-route gateway-route-configurator:gateway-route
```

## Deploy and integrate the flask-k8s charn
1. Deploy and integrate the charm
```
juju deploy flask-k8s
juju integrate flask-k8s:ingress gateway-route-configurator:ingress
```

> 2. Check the `juju status` and curl the endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check `juju status` to verify that the deployment was successful. The terminal output should look similar to the following:
```
I think we should provide some reason why we're checking `juju status`, and I think we should split up the check from curling the endpoint

<!-- vale Canonical.007-Headings-sentence-case = NO -->
# Deploy the Gateway API integrator and Gateway Route Configurator charms
<!-- vale Canonical.007-Headings-sentence-case = YES -->

## What you'll do
This tutorial will walk you through deploying the gateway-api-integrator and gateway-route-configurator charms; you will:
- Deploy and configure the gateway-api-integrator charm
- Establish an integration with a TLS provider charm
- Deploy and configure the gateway-route-configurator charm

> 4- Deploy a ingress requirer charm and provide gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy a ingress requirer charm and provide gateway
```
